---
title: "Extras"
bg: '#D35400'
color: black
fa-icon: sitemap
---

After reading a certain amount of material, the reader is required to make a blog-post reflecting what they read and synthesizing the material, plus adding their insights. The reader will notice that by the end of the course they can articulate their thoughts very well. 

This portion of the course is just as critical as the readings. So don't slack off on it. The point is to build both reading and writing, and you can never articulate your thoguhts properly without writing. As you will soon notice, beign able to express a well-formed and well-thought opinion is incredibly important in the startup world. You will be taken more seriously and more importantly, having a blog helps you continue your learning. You don't have to stop here, find new articles and do the same as you will throughout this course and you will have a well written blog.

Your writing in the beginning will be bad. Accept it and move on, keep pushing and you will come out the other end of the tunnel as a better writer. So if you want to know where to go blog, the easiest soruce is to link [Medium](https://medium.com/) to your facebook or twitter and start writing. It takes less than a minute. Or a [Blogger](https://www.blogger.com/start) account, or a free [Wordpress](https://wordpress.com/) account. 

## Checkpoints

Month 1: Day 2 and 5 - Make a blog post reflecting on the material read thus far

Month 2: (Same as month 1) Day 2 and 5 - Make a blog post reflecting on the material read thus far

Month 3: Blog post after every paper. This section is very technical, so if you want to ask someone for help, what better way than to point someone to a document you've written and having them follow your chain of thought?