---
title: FAQ
bg: turquoise
color: white
---


# FAQs

## How to:

To take this course, simply start from Month 1 and start reading. **Don't take any shortcuts, just read and follow the checkpoints** 

<p> 

</p> 

**1. What's an inoculator? Don't you mean an *incubator*?**

In microbiology, new bacteria are first inoculated (where they become used to the environment) before set for incubation (where growth happens). The idea of inoculation is simply to get the reader ready for incubation - This could mean anything from joining an accelerator to working on an idea for your startup or just gaining more knowledge. There are a lot of ways to getting things done and this course is one way to get started.

**2. Why makes us read? Reading is boring..**

I agree, reading is boring and because of that, this course requires discipline to finish. If you can't discipline yourself for this simple reading, then you are not ready to handle the real issues that arise in startups. Start this course and get better at developing yourself.

**3. What are the checkpoints for?**

This course focuses on two fundamental skills: Reading and writing. The main objective is to help the reader hone their skills, the timeline provides the reading and the checkpoints reinforce the writing. This is done by asking the reader to write blog posts reflecting on the reading.

**4. What's the meaning behind the domain name?**

I left increasing probability open ended for a reason. The meaning of the website is your next goal, the increasing probability of you achieving it. The increasing probability of success and the increasing probability of the future coming ever so close to us.
